In this section we will learn about selectors and pseudo classes and CSSA selectors allow us to specify
what elements to apply styles to suit all classes or selectors that allow us to define special status
for our element.
For example there are pseudo classes that allow us to detect if the user hovers their mouse cursor over
an element or if the user selects an element first we will learn about some general selectors that CSL
gives us to select which elements to apply styles to then we will look at pseudo classes that depend
on user input.
After that we will learn about pseudo classes that allow us to select elements based on their element
type and attributes then we will learn about pseudo classes that apply to lynx or anchor elements.
Finally we will learn about pseudo elements by the end of this section you will understand what pseudo
classes are and how they use them in your CSSA code to add states to your HVM elements in the next lecture.
We will learn about general selectors and see SS.